[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2008 superhero film The
Incredible Hulk an important thing to
note is that there was a 2003 movie
called The Hulk which was not part of
the Marvel Cinematic Universe which this
film actually is also Edward Norton
plays Bruce Banner in this film however
Mark Ruffalo plays banner in all the
subsequent Marvel films the film opens
at Culver University where general
Thunderbolt Ross meets with dr. Bruce
Banner the colleague and boyfriend of
his daughter Betty to discuss an
experiment that Ross claims is meant to
make humans immune to gamma radiation
the experiment fails and the gamma
radiation causes banner to turn into the
giant green Hulk whenever he becomes
angry enraged or excited the Hulk
destroys the lab injuring and killing
several people inside banner becomes a
fugitive and the US military and general
Ross want to weaponize the Hulk process
5 years later
banner works at a bottling facility in
Brazil while searching for a cure for
the Hulk condition collaborating online
with a man known only as mr. blue banner
uses yoga techniques to try to keep his
rage under control and hasn't
transformed in five months after cutting
his finger on the line and some blood
falling into a bottle an elderly man
gets gamma sickness from drinking a
bottle in Wisconsin Ross uses that
bottle to track down banner sending in a
SWAT team led by Emil Blonsky to capture
banner banner becomes the Hulk and
defeats the team
Blonsky agrees to be injected with a
small amount of a similar serum two
banners which gives him enhanced
abilities but deforms his skeleton and
impairs his judgement Banner returns to
Culver University and reunites with
Betty who is now dating psychiatrist
Leonard Sampson banners attacked again
by blonsky's team after Samson gave him
up causing him to become the Hulk a
battle takes place outside the
university and Blonsky seems to be
killed by the Hulk who escapes with
Betty after becoming banner Betty and
him go on the run and banner contacts
mr. blue who they meet in New York City
mr. blue is actually cellular biologist
dr. Samuel Sterns who tells banner that
possibly has an antidote but it only
works after each individual
transformation and it is not permanent
CERN however has synthesized a large
amount of banners blood in hopes of
using it for medical purposes but banner
fears the military will use it and wants
to destroy the blood supply meanwhile
Blonsky is revealed to have survived the
battle and is completely healed they try
for a third time to capture banner and
are successful and take betty to Blonsky
order stern to inject him with banners
blood which Stern's
warns him will cause him to become an
abomination but Blonsky insists this
causes Blonsky to become a creature much
larger and stronger than the hull but
absolutely insane
Polanski aka abomination attacks turns
causing him to get some up banners blood
into a cut on his forehead causing stern
to transform as well this is a reference
to the comic book character the leader
abomination rampages through Harlem and
banner is able to convince Ross to
release him as the Hulk is the only one
who can defeat the abomination after a
large battle Blonsky is defeated after a
nice moment with betty the hulk flees
New York months later banner is in
British Columbia now able to transform
into the Hulk in a controlled manner in
a local bar we see Tony Stark
approaching Ross telling him that he is
putting a team together so that was the
spoilers for the Incredible Hulk if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]